README.md, before:

# RDropdown

A github flavoured dropdown menu for ReactJS.

Demo: <https://jamhall.github.io/rdropdown/>

## Screenshot

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jamhall/react-dropdown-menu/master/screenshot.png)

## Installation

```
npm install rdropdown --save
```

Import RDropdown and its styles in your application as follows:

```
import RDropdown from 'rdropdown';
import 'rdropdown/dist/rdropdown.css';
```

## Example usage

A simple example:

```javascript
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import RDropdown from 'rdropdown';
import 'rdropdown/dist/rdropdown.css';

class App extends Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.handleClose = this.handleClose.bind(this);
    this.handleOpen = this.handleOpen.bind(this);
    this.handleSelectedOptions = this.handleSelectedOptions.bind(this);
    this.state = {
      isOpen: false,
      selectedOptions: null
    };
  }

  handleClose() {
    this.setState({
      isOpen: false
    });
  }

  handleOpen() {
    this.setState({
      isOpen: true
    });
  }


  handleSelectedOptions(options) {
    this.setState({
        isOpen: !this.state.isOpen,
        selectedOptions: options
    });
  }

  renderOption(option) {
    return (<div>{option.name}</div>);
  }

  renderDropdown() {
    const countries = [
              { name: "France", code: "FR" },
              { name: "Italy", code: "IT"  },
              { name: "United Kingdom", code: "GB" }
    ];
    if(this.state.isOpen) {
      return (
          <RDropdown
                    options={countries}
                    onClose={ this.handleClose }
                    onSelectedOptions={ this.handleSelectedOptions }
                    selectedOptions={ this.state.selectedOptions }
                    renderOption={ this.renderOption }/>

      );
    }
  }

  renderSelected() {
    const {selectedOptions} = this.state;
    if(selectedOptions) {
      return (<span>{ selectedOptions.name }</span>);
    }
    return (<span>No option selected</span>)
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <button onClick={this.handleOpen}>Open</button>
        { this.renderDropdown () }
        <p>Selected options: {this.renderSelected() }</p>
      </div>
    );
  }
}
```

Please look at the example source code in the demo folder for a good example of how to use the component: <https://github.com/jamhall/rdropdown/tree/master/demo>

## Properties

Name                | Type             | Required                  | Description
------------------- | ---------------- | ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`options`           | Array or promise | Yes                       | Options to be used for the list
`renderOption`      | Function         | Yes                       | Callback used to render an option item in the dropdown list
`onSelectedOptions` | Function         | Yes                       | Callback when an option item(s) is selected. If set to multiple, it will return an array otherwise it will return an object
`selectedOptions`   | Any              | Yes                       | An an array of options or an option object. This is used to pre-select the options in the list
`title`             | String           | No                        | The title of the dropdown (default: 'Filter')
`searchable`        | Bool             | No                        | Activate or disactivate searching. (default:false)
`searchPlaceholder` | No               | String                    | The search input box placeholder (default: Search)
`noResultsText`     | String           | No                        | Text to be displayed when no options are found (default: 'No results')
`onSearch`          | Function         | Yes if searchable enabled | Callback for when a user starts typing to search the list
`onClose`           | Function         | Yes                       | Close the menu
`enableEsc`         | Bool             | No                        | Allow the user to press ESC to close the menu (default: true)
`errorText`         | String           | No                        | String to be displayed to the user when an error occurs (default: 'An error occurred')
`height`            | Number           | No                        | The maximum height of the dropdown list (default: 300)
`multiple`          | Bool             | No                        | Allow multiple selected options (default: false))
`applyOptions`      | Bool             | No                        | Make the use manually apply the options selected (default: false))
`applyOptionsText`  | String           | No                        | The text to be displayed for the apply button (default: 'Apply' ))

## Running the examples

Clone the repository:

`git clone git@github.com:jamhall/rdropdown.git && cd rdropdown`

Install the dependencies:

`npm install`

Run the demo:

`npm start`

Navigate to:

`http://localhost:3001/`

## License

MIT Licensed. Copyright (c) Jamie Hall 2016.

Commit message:

Removed lodash. Added search timeout (When the user stops typing). Changed all dropdown-menu classes to rdropdown-menu. Updated README doc. Added new build

README.md, after:

# RDropdown

A github flavoured dropdown menu for ReactJS.

Demo: <https://jamhall.github.io/rdropdown/>

## Screenshot

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jamhall/react-dropdown-menu/master/screenshot.png)

## Installation

```
npm install rdropdown --save
```

Import RDropdown and its styles in your application as follows:

```
import RDropdown from 'rdropdown';
import 'rdropdown/dist/rdropdown.css';
```

## Example usage

A simple example:

```javascript
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import RDropdown from 'rdropdown';
import 'rdropdown/dist/rdropdown.css';

class App extends Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.handleClose = this.handleClose.bind(this);
    this.handleOpen = this.handleOpen.bind(this);
    this.handleSelectedOptions = this.handleSelectedOptions.bind(this);
    this.state = {
      isOpen: false,
      selectedOptions: null
    };
  }

  handleClose() {
    this.setState({
      isOpen: false
    });
  }

  handleOpen() {
    this.setState({
      isOpen: true
    });
  }


  handleSelectedOptions(options) {
    this.setState({
        isOpen: !this.state.isOpen,
        selectedOptions: options
    });
  }

  renderOption(option) {
    return (<div>{option.name}</div>);
  }

  renderDropdown() {
    const countries = [
              { name: "France", code: "FR" },
              { name: "Italy", code: "IT"  },
              { name: "United Kingdom", code: "GB" }
    ];
    if(this.state.isOpen) {
      return (
          <RDropdown
                    options={countries}
                    onClose={ this.handleClose }
                    onSelectedOptions={ this.handleSelectedOptions }
                    selectedOptions={ this.state.selectedOptions }
                    renderOption={ this.renderOption }/>

      );
    }
  }

  renderSelected() {
    const {selectedOptions} = this.state;
    if(selectedOptions) {
      return (<span>{ selectedOptions.name }</span>);
    }
    return (<span>No option selected</span>)
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <button onClick={this.handleOpen}>Open</button>
        { this.renderDropdown () }
        <p>Selected options: {this.renderSelected() }</p>
      </div>
    );
  }
}
```

Please look at the example source code in the demo folder for a good example of how to use the component: <https://github.com/jamhall/rdropdown/tree/master/demo>

## Properties

Name                | Type             | Required                  | Description
------------------- | ---------------- | ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`options`           | Array or promise | Yes                       | Options to be used for the list
`renderOption`      | Function         | Yes                       | Callback used to render an option item in the dropdown list
`onSelectedOptions` | Function         | Yes                       | Callback when an option item(s) is selected. If set to multiple, it will return an array otherwise it will return an object
`selectedOptions`   | Any              | Yes                       | An an array of options or an option object. This is used to pre-select the options in the list
`title`             | String           | No                        | The title of the dropdown (default: 'Filter')
`searchable`        | Bool             | No                        | Activate or disactivate searching. (default:false)
`searchPlaceholder` | No               | String                    | The search input box placeholder (default: Search)
`searchTimeout` | No               | Number                    | When to start searching after the user stops typing (default: 200ms) |
`noResultsText`     | String           | No                        | Text to be displayed when no options are found (default: 'No results')
`onSearch`          | Function         | Yes if searchable enabled | Callback or a promise for when a user starts typing to search the list
`onClose`           | Function         | Yes                       | Close the menu
`enableEsc`         | Bool             | No                        | Allow the user to press ESC to close the menu (default: true)
`errorText`         | String           | No                        | String to be displayed to the user when an error occurs (default: 'An error occurred')
`height`            | Number           | No                        | The maximum height of the dropdown list (default: 300)
`multiple`          | Bool             | No                        | Allow multiple selected options (default: false)
`applyOptions`      | Bool             | No                        | Make the use manually apply the options selected (default: false)
`applyOptionsText`  | String           | No                        | The text to be displayed for the apply button (default: 'Apply' ) |

## Running the examples

Clone the repository:

`git clone git@github.com:jamhall/rdropdown.git && cd rdropdown`

Install the dependencies:

`npm install`

Run the demo:

`npm start`

Navigate to:

`http://localhost:3001/`

## License

MIT Licensed. Copyright (c) Jamie Hall 2016.
